# Programming-for-Data-Science-using-Python-Nanodegree-from-Udacity-
# programming for Data Science using Python : Nanodegree From Udacity

# Realised by Mister : Mihoubi Miloud

The repository provides projects and study materials about Programming for Data Science Using Python
from Udacity Classrooms  for preparing Nanodegree
## Project Number_One

### Outline

This assignment required the student to explore a supplied database movie rentals, perform SQL queries, and create visualizations to display the results of the student's searches.
For the display factor, the educator was required to build 4 powerpoint, each of which included (a) a question of involvement, (b) an enabling SQL sql queries required to answer the issue, (c) an assisting modeling generated by using datasheet of the Sql commands that answered questions of concern, and (d) a quick description.

###  Submission of this project

[Examine My Submission](https://github.com/sauravraghuvanshi/Udacity-programming-for-Data-Science-With-Python-Nanodegree/blob/master/Project%201/Project%201%20for%20Submission/Saurav%20Raghuvanshi%20SQL%20submission.pdf)

### Sets of questions

Udacity also presented us with a range of questions to explore and incorporate into my Approval Of the project.
[Check this out](https://github.com/sauravraghuvanshi/Udacity-programming-for-Data-Science-using-Python-Nanodegree/tree/master/Project%201/Project%20Question)

## Project Number_One

### Outline

In this project, the student had to make use of Python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States — Chicago, New York City, and Washington. The student had to write code to (a) import the data and answer interesting questions about it by computing descriptive statistics, and (b) write a script that takes in raw input to create an interactive experience in the terminal to present these statistics.

### Submission of this project

In this project, the candidate would just have to utilize Python as programming language to investigate data linked to bike share schemes in 3 main cities in america: Chicago, New York City, and Washington. The candidate would just have to develop code to (a) ingest the dataset and solve intriguing questions about somebody computing statistical analysis, and (b) write a piece which utilizes inputted data to create a dynamic interaction in the console to show those statistical data.

[Examine mu Submission](https://github.com/sauravraghuvanshi/Udacity-programming-for-Data-Science-using-Python-Nanodegree/tree/master/Project-2).
### ---------------------

Look at the links regarding our study materials.
[Look at this](https://github.com/sauravraghuvanshi/Udacity-programming-for-Data-Science-using-Python-Nanodegree/tree/master/Python%20practice%20code)

### Files Used

The main three files used for excuting the program are defined as follow : 
--> new_york_city.csv
--> washington.csv
--> chicago.csv

### Requirements
the program is written python programming language also, the following library are called

--> pandas  and 
    numpy Library


#### Project Number_Three

This project involved refactoring Project 2 utilizing Git and GitHub with a modeled methodology.

### Submission of a Project

The Project Submission entailed printing out a document with most of the Git commands necessary to complete the task given.

[Examine My Submission](https://github.com/sauravraghuvanshi/Udacity-programming-for-Data-Science-With-Python-Nanodegree/blob/master/Project-3/Git%20Commands%20Documentation.pdf).
